hello everyone and today we will talk about tea
what good does what harm does
and so I want to tell you here all the teas
yes that you see here on and
various others on the shelves are alone
of the worst teas in dakota world
shorter deliver to Russia the most
low quality tea mostly yes
does not speak directly of all movies all brands
I say mostly about 90
percent who are foreign teas
shipped to russia is all not
real tea yes it's all bad tea in
the best
tell you this story in general
I watched on TV for a long time in general
journalists yes here's the best alive
some kind of ceylon yes it seems to be in india
then these leaves are grown Ilona from
What makes him and the general blame went
journalists and these masters who
they are made but hellish tea in general gave them
try these kinds of teas
lipton azer tea greenfield ahmad friend
these different ones gave them a try and
they said that this is the worst tea yes
that is, those whose they give the lowest
tonic is probably better for the population
quality is every homeless there without
nail without a move here at the shelter's house
So here we are segments of the population give
bad tea and so he tried
really the worst tea is this here
Russia that is, they did not even understand what
this tea is a bang bad situation once
this and that is what they write
let's see what they write about the benefits of tea
eliminates the harm and benefits of tea
fatigue activates the exchange
have normalizes heart activity
treated by a loan normally normalize
digestive nervous system so what
he can tell me it seems
really a bit of fatigue
helps priests domain matter to me
it seems a little artificially treated
the courts did not know then the tea contained
useful trace elements that
practically not found in others
food is copper to that iron
manganese zinc prick tea slows growth
malignant tumors palpably mark
risk of cell origin in cancer
marriage you are shorter if tea is still in tea
There is zinc which is very necessary
tea is beneficial for pregnant women
acts on the cells the earth slows them down
aging
thereby extending the life of tea
leaflets have the ability to give
rejuvenation effect is 818 times higher
the ability of vitamin e tea contains
tonin
which destroys the bridge of bacteria in order
most prevents stomatitis sore throat and
tried and other intestinal infections tea
has the ability to lose weight
improve skin condition most well
established himself there will not speak
miracle tea tea inhibits the formation
fatty deposits of the inner surface
kronos so vessels therefore decreases
risk of developing sclerosis of flexible hypertension
brain clots then also tea
as cataract prevention tea
has the ability to cool noticeably
which is not a few minutes after
drunk cup of hot tea temperature
peel skin is reduced by one or two
degrees centigrade when this is created
feeling cool and fresh from
cold tea is invisible in general
Here are all the benefits of tea but yes
the bottom line is how I already told you these
all tea they are not real let me
sense of these teas at least if not even
harm further harm now let's third
but I read this article to give and not from
himself said besides that very
hot tea to burn the internal organs
for powerfully stimulating the throat of the esophagus and
stomach can begin painful
changes to these organs and rarely
not used for making tea
water and tap other than this
prikepit still at the peak of the looper in the water
die not only harmful substances hydrochloric
Disease turns out dead water tea
need to drink fresh on after 20 minutes
the oxidation process begins
aromatic components of phenol
lipid essential oils if often in
for a long time to drink
black tea then the teeth will turn yellow from
green tea large quantities
enamel is destroyed on teeth in general as
drink do not drink anyway teeth harm like here
written in strong tea is contained
a large number of those both on and caffeine
so it can cause headache and
insomnia is also strong tea
bad for heart
activity stimulates excretion
large quantities of gastric juice
green has fixing properties
so do not drink to people suffering
so you should not drink tea at high
temperature contained in tea and
theophylline is good to raise the temperature
Body green tea is contraindicated under
hypotensive since he couple lower
cake or or blood pressure in
Generally, I don't know what's true here.
a lie but there may be some facts here
more than 50 true Russian tea yes
Here is what to deliver to Russia
he may well harm himself
from all this, one conclusion can be made
what to look for we will reach me to recognize and
not an expert in teas
but what advice can I give
seek not really a real tea
Here's to the people for the people to
which are made to buy only
here are these wrappers nickname tantalum all sorts of trendy
packaging is all of course cheating therefore
need to buy real tea need
look for asking people not to believe this
advertising because there they need it
so long as you bought but what it
think they are there and your health
worry no matter how much they need
only revenue that's all so not
I know I think if it will be possible to do
individual issues review of each tea
which is useful which property
possesses
on this all subscribe to the channel
I will release the likes again
various videos hope you enjoyed it
bye everyone